Thank you everyone for coming. Thank you. Thank you everyone for being here today.
Again, we commend you to follow the teaching, follow the greatest teachings of our Karyamun and Mur
ugan Massimo, all lineage masters.
And that's why daily we are following. Again, for that reason, we should activate it. Again, our
vital motivation.
There are very few centers known as Durgitsim, the peak of the Vedara center. In that teaching, you
should concentrate on all your conceptions.
One point is, listen very beautifully to the teaching and otherwise, if we carry it by the force of
the ladiness and sloppinessness,
then the even the Buddha Vedasattva and the Bodhisattva are hard to bless to ask. That's what the
teaching says.
So therefore, people, I mean, it's not just that, but really, always the teaching says, concentrate
, bring all the antique and all the beautiful,
in one direction, and focus on the teachings. That is not just what I'm doing now, but always in
the teaching and the practices, the meditating,
all that what we need to do, to concentrate. And all the conceptions are taught.
Generally, there are so many conceptions. We all know so many numbers. There are even no numbers.
However, we put that all, particularly as a graduate teacher, the Bodhisattva community, all those
conceptions can summarize into three conceptions.
Positive conceptions, negative conceptions, neutral conceptions.
What are negative conceptions? Negative emotions.
That is negative emotions carried by the force of the sub-important thought, really emotions,
such as anger, attachment, gallows, heavy thoughts, and arrogance, sceptical, doubt and hesitations
, those all known as negative emotions.
There are, why it's called negative emotions? As we all know, you know too, because it is not good
for now, it's not good for the future.
They are the cause of samsara. They are the release samsara, root of samsara.
Samsara is not coming from outside, you know, overloaded to us.
We created it, we saturated it, we maintained it, we created that. That's why this is negative
emotions, negative thoughts.
Definitely when we practice and meditate, they refer to the teaching or studying, counterproductive
, politically, no room, trying to scale with it.
And that take away, kick out, completely kick out.
What are even the techniques and the words we use.
And then neutral thought, what is the second?
Neutral thought. Neutral thought is not positive, not negative. It's kind of neutral.
Just thinking of how beautiful, sunshine, or weather, or the snow, or the kind of, just a regular
kind of conceptual thought, nothing but big things.
That negative thought, also in the teaching said, trying to not have that or that sort of not
negative.
That neutral thought should not have also trying to change that to the positive thought.
Why is that neutral thought? It has dullness thought.
That means it's rooted in ignorance. It's not brightness, it's dull.
Dull and ignorance change that.
And now to the positive. Positive thought worries.
Positive thought, dual, in the appreciation, and opposite of all the negative thought is positive.
So that is positive. And positive thought also can be divided into three groups.
Many of you already know that. Those are known as three intentions of the three individuals.
Not individual, three types of the beings, or the three types of the human beings who have three
different intentions.
Three different types of the thoughts. Those are in very famous teaching of the great master Adich
as.
Those are called three practices, three teachings, or three types of them.
Those are known as small types of individuals.
And I'm sure you know more about that, that is very famous.
So the first one is the small types of the individuals.
Second is the mediocre types of the individuals.
And third is the bigger types of the higher types of the individuals or partners.
Those are, it's not the size of the different individuals out appearing, but have their inner
attitude of course.
Mental, all these positives, quite good, but there are three different types of that.
And the fourth one is, the small one, is, even we're interested in the Dharma and the practice of
meditation,
but it's only for the kind of temporary purposes.
It's for the kind of help and the support, to kind of some really fulfillment in these lives,
or to some degree of the achievement our kind of need is for the time being,
because maybe you kind of believe that understood of rapidly Dharma,
and the practice of what have the strong devotion, that strong devotion,
and the Buddha, Dharma, Thaga, will help to fulfill those goals.
And so kind of thinking of those thoughts and the practice, and the taking it up,
whatever it is, those are known as small types of the individuals.
We don't know what the individuals are, now it's a medium.
And that is, and see that all the samsara situation is not really good.
There's so many difficulty, troubles, I like to leave this samsara.
Oh, I should say really that small, medium, small individual thought, had attitude,
and the kind of like, I like to be, I like to be in the human world.
I like to be upper three realms, such as the human realms, asura realms, the god realms also.
So I just like to do, maybe practice the meditative, do something good kind of,
that will take the rebirth in the higher realms of the three, such as the human, asura,
all the gods of heaven, kind of having those thoughts,
and have believed and have trusted in Dharma and practice.
Those are the small, medium of the thoughts.
And then, small thoughts.
And the medium of the thoughts, individual terms, are known as, then, is,
they see all the samsara as troubles, difficulties, challenges, no matter wherever you are.
Whether it is upper realm, whether it is lower realm, all is samsara.
There are so many challenges and difficulties.
It is situated by all those difficulty troubles, those sufferings, and challenges.
Challenges, I like to live the samsara.
I don't like to be in the samsara.
I like to get out of the samsara.
And thinking of that, we are doing the practicing, meditating.
Those are the mediocre of the individuals.
Those are, in the teaching of cremation, such as the sharakas.
And the patekvodahyas.
Those are named as mediocre.
They are excellent realizations.
They are realizations with the egolessness status.
And they give up the emotions and all that remove all the negative emotions.
And they got the realization of the emptiness of the egolessness.
And they defeated all the negative emotions.
Therefore, they reached arabahud and those are the mediocre.
Mediocre individuals.
And then high capabilities, mayana practices.
They are thinking, not just only that I like to live the samsara,
but I like to stay in the samsara and like to benefit for all the living beings.
As long as samsara exists today, I like to help.
Through their courage, commitment, and immense profound compassion,
most of them, they have strong courage and commitment and see that.
And for that reason, I like to also practice and get enlightenment
and the benefit for all living beings.
They have a big, enormous vision and goal, courage and commitment.
That is known as higher individuals.
Those are the mayana practices.
Among the mayana practices, what we practice now is zouqin, when it takes us.
Zouqin practices.
What is always in the teaching, measurement.
And within the mayana mind, zouqin, or the vedayana pose,
mayana can be divided, not can be.
It is divided into two groups, such as kozal mayana or kozal yanas, not mayana.
Kozal yanas and result yanas.
Or we can say kozal mayana, result mayana.
Kozal mayana is the suttar mayanas.
Result mayana is vedayana mayanas, mayanas.
Both are mayanas.
But within that, what is the difference?
The difference is the techniques and the skills and the methods.
That is very different.
Vedayana has more skills, more methods to wrap up enlightenment.
That means to clarify the negative emotions and obscurations faster in the cooking.
Those are therefore called vedayana teachings.
And within this mayana practice, what sometimes those great masters divided,
all the same goal, goal is the same, to reach enlightenment, to benefit all living beings.
It is the same, there is no difference there.
But within that, that, suttar mayana is called long-distance, long-distancely achieving
enlightenment.
It is longer, longer, longer.
And then, all the dandaras, and as well as even inner dandaras, that there are,
until the dukkha is called shortcut, that enlightenment,
shortcut to get enlightenment, and that.
And then, zuki teaching is named nyulam, speedily enlightenment, nyulam.
So, but in the Tibetan world, rignam, nyalam, and nyulam,
three-tenths of the enlightenment, three-tenths technique to reach enlightenment,
even we have same goals, same goals, same thing.
But this time, we are all practitioners, zuki practitioners, mayana practitioners, zuki
practitioners.
What is need is the immense power of the compassion and bodhita thought in heart and mind.
That's what always in the teaching said, activating your bodhita.
First is joy and appreciation.
Second is, then activating bodhita.
Bodhita is named always in the teaching, vastness, motivation of the bodhita, vastness.
Our bodhita has no boundaries to all the beings.
And all living beings have also no boundaries, vastness.
Bodhita matches up with as many as beings exist, that much beings.
Keep the courage and the commitment, confidence to preserve that bodhita.
Bodhita and healthy beings, all beings.
So, this bodhita is, again, its intention is so, so important.
And all our practicing meditation and listening or receiving the teachings
and recording the teachings, we are combined with bodhita.
Bodhita all becomes so powerful, really tools, powerful way to get enlightenment.
When we get enlightenment or when we are progressing the path,
that means underneath, behind the scenes, we purify obscurations.
What are obscurations?
Concrete, negative emotions, anger, attachment, jealous, hesitate, resentments.
And all, and ignorance, we couldn't find that is why we increase our realization, understand.
And what is the increase in the realization of joy, appreciation, bodhita, compassion,
respect and appreciation to each other, or within the families,
families, within the sangha members, within the groups, all others.
And more passion, more tolerance.
Those are the signs, nugget signs of the realization and the fulfillment of our practice,
to compare what we are before, what used to be, and what we are now.
So we see some difference, some of those joys, appreciation, patience, and compassion.
Really we see that.
That means our practice is going on the right direction.
Really we are performing the goals.
And somehow even we resist so many teachings, practices, all high teachings,
but our emotions and all that even look more stronger than before.
That can continue that way.
That is our practice is not going on the right direction.
Therefore we have to strengthen our joy, appreciation, bodhita, and devotion.
Reactivate it.
We can reactivate it.
Repress it.
Repress in our practice, our meditation practice, our intention.
We need it.
This is what the teaching says.
It says, so therefore with all those beautiful and intelligent thoughts,
and then kind of have the beautiful motivations.
Really along with this motivation and then with the idea and the teaching,
the doctrine says what we hear.
The doctrine says three kaya states.
Again, this is not just saying that thing.
Reality is a three kaya state.
The whole universe is already in a three kaya state.
The object is in a three kaya and the subject is in a three kaya.
Everyone is in a three kaya state.
Three kaya, reactivate that.
Not let carry the force of duality and kind of follow up that.
Activate those things.
With those thoughts, now we follow again on this teaching.
This is a lucky ticket. And a lucky ticket.